I hope you had fun thinking about attributes for orders and products. I know I did.
There are no fixed rules on what attributes would define what entity.
Attributes of product table could be different depending on product and business needs.
Similarly, what are the data elements we want
to record also depend on business requirements.
I have kept an eraser in mind to build a product table.
Just for fun, I've also added some records to the tables.
For the product table,
I have product ID, shape,
color, costs per unit,
the retail price per unit and SKU number.
For the order table, I have order ID,
date of order, product ID,
which tells us what product was purchased by the customer,
customer ID that tells us which customer bought the product,
quantity and total order value and tax rate.
It is important to note that I have used product ID and customer
ID here so that I do not have to
enter the information about product and customer in order table.
In the upcoming concept,
we will discuss this in detail. Shall we continue?